Features/36 sticky activity queues (#45)
temporalio/samples-python: activities_sticky_queues/README.md

# Sticky Activity Queues

> This sample is a Python implementation of the [Node "Sticky Workers" example](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-typescript/tree/main/activities-sticky-queues), full credit for the design to the authors of that sample. A [sticky execution](https://docs.temporal.io/tasks#sticky-execution) is a job distribution design pattern where all workflow computational tasks are executed on a single worker. In the Golang Temporal SDK this is explicitly supported via the Session option, but in other SDKs a different approach is required. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample is a Python implementation of the [TypeScript "Sticky Workers" example](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-typescript/tree/main/activities-sticky-queues). A [sticky execution](https://docs.temporal.io/tasks#sticky-execution) is a job distribution design pattern where all workflow computational tasks are executed on a single worker. In the Go and Java SDKs this is explicitly supported via the Session option, but in other SDKs a different approach is required. 
```

> Typical use cases for sticky executions include tasks where interaction with a filesystem is required, such as data processing or interacting with legacy access structures. This example will write text files to folders corresponding to each worker, located in 

Reviewer: Missing end of sentence

> This implementation will follow the Node example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The strategy is:
```

Concerned that the TypeScript example may change out from under us in the future

- Create a `get_available_task_queue` activity that generates a unique task queue name, `unique_worker_task_queue`.
- For activities intended to be "sticky", only register them in one Worker, and have that be the only Worker listening on that `unique_worker_task_queue`. This will be run on a series of `FileProcessing` workflows.

> - Execute workflows from the Client like normal. Check the Temporal Web UI to confirm tasks  were staying with their respective worker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Execute workflows from the Client like normal. Check the Temporal Web UI to confirm tasks were staying with their respective worker.
```

It doesn't matter where the `get_available_task_queue` activity is run, so it can be "non sticky" as per Temporal default behavior. In this demo, `unique_worker_task_queue` is simply a `uuid` initialized in the Worker, but you can inject smart logic here to uniquely identify the Worker, [as Netflix did](https://community.temporal.io/t/using-dynamic-task-queues-for-traffic-routing/3045). Our example differs from the Node sample by running across 5 unique task queues.

Activities have been artificially slowed with `time.sleep(3)` to simulate slow activities.

### Running This Sample

> 1. `temporal server start-dev` to start [Temporal Server](https://github.com/temporalio/cli/#installation).

Reviewer: I think we should follow the other sample READMEs where we just point to the primary README for prerequisites and just have the starting of worker and starter here.
